FAQ- about Visa to Thailand.
Frequently Asked Questions- about Visa to Thailand.
You will be permitted to stay in Thailand for a period not exceeding 60 days per each entry with tourist visa.
Tourist visa single entry having visa validity only 90 days so you will be permitted to stay not exceeding 60 days.
Tourist visa double and triple entries having visa validity 180 days so you will be permitted to stay not exceeding 60 days per each entry. So if you get double entry mean that you can enter Thailand 2 times and each time you can only stay max 60 days .
Yes, we recommended you should apply for tourist visa. Then you will be allowed to stay in Thailand up to 60 days. Otherwise you MUST pay overstay fee 500/day/person at the immigration check point.
Swedish citizen and some specific countries (please check at do I need a visa) may travel to Thailand and will receive a visa exception when you arrival for purpose of tourism and not exceeding 30 days and in some case the authority to check in and flight to Thailand for some airline they might have restrict rule and regulation that if you have ticket over 30 days you should have apply visa as well otherwise they will not let you onboard so please check with airline carefully.
No, you cannot. The Embassy will refuse your visa application. In order to apply for Tourist visa you MUST present itinerary or confirm paid ticket showing ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE date as well.
No, you cannot. The Embassy in Stockholm does not processing visa application by POST. Please contact The Royal Thai Consulate in Gothenburg in order to apply visa per post.
Yes, you MUST apply for visa to Thailand. Because you still having Iran nationality please check Information for visa requirement at Type of visa tourist visa certain countries.
You can apply for Tourist visa if this school is not register as a private school but instead register as a company. So then you can apply for tourist visa. Or if you going to stay longer than 60 days you might apply for Non-immigrant “B” visa single entry (under consideration of the Embassy).
Yes, but it is not 100% garuntee. Royal Thai Embassies and Royal Thai Consulates-General have the authority to issue visas to foreigners to travel to Thailand. The authority to permit entry and stay in Thailand, however, is with the immigration officers. In some cases, the immigration officer may not permit foreigner holding a valid visa entry into Thailand should the immigration officer find reason to believe that he or she falls into the category of aliens prohibited from entering Thailand under the Immigration Act B.E. 2522 (1979).
No, you cannot. The Embassy in Stockholm cannot renew your visa. You MUST apply for a new visa and go through the whole visa application process again.
No, we do not have express service. In low season normally visa processing take at least 1 workday and high season take at least 3 working days.
With non-Immigrant visa “O” the immigration officer can prolong period of stay up to 1 year depend on you purpose of visiting Thailand. And you MUST fulfill what they require in order to be able to prolong visa in Thailand such as having deposit account in THAI BANK for at least 800,000 baht etc.
Please see detail on type of visa Non-Immigrant visa (O-A) yes, you can combine your monthly income and your money in your back account all together you income/ month must not less than 14.500 SEK or total 800,000 baht / year.
14. How much for the fee for overstay?.
500 baht / day/ person. Paying at the immigrantion check point.
Tourist visa may receive extension of stay up to 30 days and total not more than 90 days from the first arrival date.
Non-immigrant visa may receive extension of stay up to 1 year up to purpose of visiting and requirement of Immigration as well.
You can apply Tourist visa single entry (will be permitted to stay up to 60 days) first then you may ask for an extension at the nearest immigration office for another 30 days. You must apply for these extension before your last 60 days finished otherwise you MUST pay the overstay fees as well.
The Embassy cannot issue visa according to request or flight plan of applicants so you MUST learn and know what type of visa that according to your plan of travel to Thailand.
Such as if you want to stay to Thailand 4 months you may apply for Tourist visa double entry (you can enter Thailand 2 times and each time can only stay max 60 days/ entry).
No, you cannot. The Embassy in Stockholm cannot renew your visa. You MUST apply for a new visa and go through the whole visa application process again. In order to prolong O-A visa can only do at the Immigration office in Thailand only.
No, we do not. The visa fees paid MUST BE in CASH ONLY paid when visa applications hand-in.
20. I’ m going to Thailand in 15 December can I apply tourist visa in 1 September?.
We suggest that the applicants should not apply visa more than 3 months before your arrival date to Thailand. Otherwise you visa will be expired (normally visa validity valid only 3 months).
No, you cannot. You must be retired and age 50 above to be able to apply for Non-immigrant visa type “O” so in this case you may apply for tourist visa or Non-Immigrant visa “O-A” instead.
Yes, you have to. Otherwise you must pay the fee 5.000 baht if you do not contact them every 90 days. But if you leaving Thailand before your 90 days finished. Then it will not count. And start to count the day 1 again from the day you arrival to Thailand up to next 90 days you much contact them again.
Passport must be valid at least 6 months from the date of your arrival to Thailand.
No, we will accepted your visa application.
You will receive a stamp permitted to stay from the Immigration officer at the airport or when you arrived to Thailand. So you MUST check the permitted period of stay from the stamp. Not a visa that you receive from the embassy.
In low season (Mar-Aug) normally take at least 1 working day (not the same day).
In high season (Sep-Feb) normally take at least 3 working days.
Non-Immigrant visa (O-A) take at least 7 working days.
Visa for certain countries take at least 7 working days.
No, we do not provide coping or printing service. Please always bring your own copying of your document.
No, we will not do any exception. If the application is un-completed we will refuse your visa application and cannot combine document another time. Please always bring your own copy.
No, you cannot. the Embassy in Stockholm do some exception to be able to issued Tourist visa for Latvia citizenship but other than tourist visa You MUST contact the Royal Thai Embassy in Norway regarding this visa. Fa.
No, you do not need to pick up your passport yourself. You can give your receive to someone you know and trust to come and pick up passport for you.
